Okay, and
then I just had the other tests in here.
I don't feel the need to go through and
like write all these, but
I do wanna just make sure we see some
examples, at least I can talk about them.
And here we go, sorry.
Okay, let's bring those in here.
And basically, I just have one for
testing to get all notes,
which as you can see just mocks
a database with some notes.
And it just gets all notes and it expects
it to be equal, like we don't even
test that the notes are in the right
shape it's just like is the same thing in
the database the same thing that we got
back from good old notes and that's it.
It doesn't care what it is.
Logs is the same thing, and
then we have remove note that
basically puts some notes in a database,
it takes the id 4 to try to remove it,
and then it says that
result should be undefined,
because there is no id 4 in here.
So this shouldn't be here, cuz this will
return undefined if it couldn't find
something to delete,
so that should be true.
So let's run that and,
yeah, they all parsed.
Cool, and you can write many tests for one
thing, like I can write, and you probably
will write, multiple tests for
just this one removenode function, right?
In fact, you can group these tests
together with a, like, describe.
So you can say describe.
I might just call this the cli app
like this like to say just this is
describe this thing.
And I could put all of this
stuff in that describe,
so it's kind of like grouped together.
And if I run this just like puts it
underneath the cli app group right here.
So that way you can kinda test together
cuz on a bigger app at a company,
you might have several hundred
if not thousands of tests.
So looking at them grouped up
is a lot easier to deal with.
The other thing you might see
sometimes depending on the testing
framework goes you might not
see just tests like this.
You might also see some people write it
like they'll use it instead of tests or
they might say like it.
Should do this thing, and
then they would write the test.
It's the same thing inside of here, but
it works just like should, or I'm sorry,
it works just like test.
It's just a different
theoretical approach behind it.
Some people like to, it should do this
thing or it should not do this thing.
Some people just be like I
just want to test this thing,
test to see if new note does this.
So you might see both of those,
works the same way though.